---
title: "hello github blog"
date: 2021-04-11 19:05:00 +0900
categories: test1 test2
---
$ Process Journal (first person perspective)
- **Day 1**
Through the class session I have reviewed familiar and unprecedented topics simultaneously: HTTP, Client-Server, RESTful and git. Initially, I downloaded required applications to puruse my tasks, including intellij, java, git, iterm, etc... To review, *HTTP* is the abbreviation for Hypertext Transfer Protocol, which is used for the communication for browsing web. Moreover, HTTPS significantly correlates to the "client-sever" concept because the client forms an HTTP request according to a web server, that a server responds. 

Also, the URL is a ubiquitously conecept as it is well known. URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator whcih is used to identify resources on a web. There are 4 factors incorporated in the URL, the protocol, domain, path and parameter, and they are crucial because they determine the allocation of the server. In order to operate the HTTP, the request needs a method where the four methods are
- GET (read)
- PUT (update)
- POST (create)
- DELETE (delete)

The HTTP request is divided in to 3 correlated parts in conjuction with the 4 factors, they get, request and use a HTTP version to operate a server. Furthermore, there are status Codes from 1xx-5xx informing the requester the status of the requsted HTTP.

The *Representational state transfer* (REST) contained the instantaneous stat of a system resource through the use of requests and responses. Like the HTTP, the REST has 4 contributing factors: Create, Read, Update and Delete. 

*Client-Server* is a model that describes how a sever provides resources and services to several clients. Each distinct servers provide resources to requested devices; therefore, the majority of servers have more than one relationships with the client.

- **Day 2**
"*Git* is a free and open source distributed version control system." Moreover, the git is capable of storing projects and files as they change over time with the contribution of diverse users. Therefore, the git progressively alters the updates on a repository, and a repository has commites to the project or references called heads. 

I have created a new repository to record our data sets and work. In order to create a repository, I used iterm with the commaneds stated on the slides.

Additionally, the Git has 5 vital codes used form branches:
- CLONE: download
- PUSH: upload and sync
- PULL: download with sync
- FETCH: refresh the state of remote repository
- COMMIT: save local changes

Consequently, I have formed, merged, altered a branch/repository according to the class session.

- **Day 3**

*Github blog:* on day 3 I created a reposity for a potential blog, and it was intriguing that github noticed my intention of creating a blog. Therefore, the fundementals of a blog was automatically updated by github. In order to create a blog I used the 5 factors of the git, especially "commit" because I was commiting a new repository. 

To continue the process I had to confirm if "ruby" and "gem" was installed, then I attempted to install "jekyll" and "bundler" as they are crucial resources. However, there was an inevitable error, but the potential trouble was anticipated by the teacher; therefore, we were able to pursue our tasks without squandering time. Moreover, the problem was exacerbated after another error was induced, the CLT error. After fixing all errors, we browsed for Jekyll themes, and installed the most eligible theme. 

Then, I transfered the "index.html" to my personal repository. After initialising a blog I commited and pushed the file to create a blog. Furthermore, I created a post in order to blog my process journal. 

*Spring Boot:*
I have setup spring boot according to the instructions, unzipping the folder to open it on IntelliJ. Then I learned about the packages, and added them to begin our API session.
- **Day 4**
