---
title: "hello github blog"
date: 2021-04-11 19:05:00 +0900
categories: test1 test2
---
$ Process Journal (first person perspective)
- ## **Day 1**
Through the class session I have reviewed familiar and unprecedented topics simultaneously: HTTP, Client-Server, RESTful and git. Initially, I downloaded required applications to puruse my tasks, including intellij, java, git, iterm, etc... To review, *HTTP* is the abbreviation for Hypertext Transfer Protocol, which is used for the communication for browsing web. Moreover, HTTPS significantly correlates to the "client-sever" concept because the client forms an HTTP request according to a web server, that a server responds. 

Also, the URL is a ubiquitously conecept as it is well known. URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator whcih is used to identify resources on a web. There are 4 factors incorporated in the URL, the protocol, domain, path and parameter, and they are crucial because they determine the allocation of the server. In order to operate the HTTP, the request needs a method where the four methods are
- GET (read)
- PUT (update)
- POST (create)
- DELETE (delete)

The HTTP request is divided in to 3 correlated parts in conjuction with the 4 factors, they get, request and use a HTTP version to operate a server. Furthermore, there are status Codes from 1xx-5xx informing the requester the status of the requsted HTTP.

The *Representational state transfer* (REST) contained the instantaneous stat of a system resource through the use of requests and responses. Like the HTTP, the REST has 4 contributing factors: Create, Read, Update and Delete. 

*Client-Server* is a model that describes how a sever provides resources and services to several clients. Each distinct servers provide resources to requested devices; therefore, the majority of servers have more than one relationships with the client.
